Fix step order in docker first look guide (#191)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/first-look/docker-first-look.adoc

* Replace all occurrences of `<PERSISTENCE_PASSWORD>` with a secure password.
* Replace all occurrences of `<NEO4J_INSTANCE_PASSWORD>` with a secure password.

== Download the NOM agent

> Download NOM agent binaries TAR from https://neo4j.com/download-center/#ops-manager[here] and execute the following commands in your `INSTALLATION_ROOT`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download NOM agent binaries TAR from link:https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/#tools-tab[the Deployment Center] and execute the following commands in your `INSTALLATION_ROOT`:
```
